[terraform] Add prefix to all resources (#6)
bitergia-analytics/bap-deployment-toolkit: docs/deployment_and_config.md

    redis_password: <redis_password>

    # OpenSearch Settings
    opensearch_cluster_prefix: <opensearch_cluster_prefix>
    opensearch_cluster_name: <opensearch_cluster_name>

>     heap_size: <heap_size>

Reviewer: I wonder if this should be renamed to <opensearch_cluster_heap_size>

Author: Yes, we should rename it

- `mariadb_service_account_password`: strong password for the MariaDB
  service account user.
- `redis_password`: strong password for the redis server.

> - `opensearch_cluster_prefix`: OpenSearch cluster prefix.
> - `opensearch_cluster_name`: OpenSearch cluster name. If you didn't
>   change the configuration, it should be `<opensearch_cluster_prefix>_bap-opensearch`, where
>   `<opensearch_cluster_prefix>` is the set above.
> - `heap_size`: OpenSearch cluster Java heap size. If you didn't change the
>   configuration, it should be `512m` (more examples: `1g`, `2g`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `opensearch_cluster_prefix`: prefix of the OpenSearch cluster.
- `opensearch_cluster_name` (optional): name of the OpenSearch cluster.
  This value will be used in combination with `<opensearch_cluster_prefix>`
  to define the name of the cluster. Its default parameter is `bap-opensearch`.
- `heap_size` (optional): Java heap size for the OpenSearch cluster nodes (e.g. `1g`, `2g`).
  If you don't set a value, its default value will be `512m`.
```
